it's mayim Boca Graham Florida and that
means tarpon season has arrived the
professional tarpon tournament series
presented by Yamaha kicked off their
2010 series with week one sponsored by
sea hunt boats after a year off that
seems wasted no time in diving right
back into the action the first hookup of
the season happened just minutes after
the start of the tournament and the
action never slowed during the
three-hour event the 50 boat filled
literally 16 tarpon weighing in 8 for a
combined total of twelve hundred and
sixty-one pounds in the end it was John
McClane's team a on marine out of line
with a 210-pound tarpon that took
victory during week one I think it's a
good fish it should be in the 170s who
did with the wind the team took home a
brand-new see on XP 21 bay boat yamaha
four stroke one fifty motor and
continental aluminum trailer the package
valued at thirty five thousand dollars
the 210 pound target was the largest
fish ever weighed in during a PTT s week
one event week number one also marked
the start of the 2010 Skeeter team of
the erase John McClane's first-place
finish landed him atop the team of the
year leaderboard with 410 points
unbelievable and we saw the fish pop up
there on the beach and it was a good
fish didn't think it was 210 we thought
maybe 170 180 and we're just delighted
Chuck Jenks is all-female team la femme
fatale took second place with 379 points
and in third Cody Chevy's and team
solrock grill shortly behind with 327
points on it the teams have seven days
to regroup and strategize before heading
into the next event
you